Nathalie Cecire takes stock of the hack vs. yack debate, which permeates the various articles in the *Journal to Digital Humanities*. She discusses the postlapsarian context of DH and the resulting proliferation of knowledge modalities, which necessitate DH as an epistemology of doing. To put it simply, DH is an approach to understanding an object by virtue of *making* (editing, curating, modelling etc.) it. A good takeaway from her article is the caveat that when digital humanists practice niceness, it must not be mistaken for servility--a maxim Cecire extracted from activist-poet Audre Lorde.

What is interesting in Thomas' account is the new forms of digital scholarship under the auspices of DH. He proposes a process of digital scholarship which champions collaboration, a value otherwise unobserved in traditional humanities scholarship.

Schmidt succintly discusses how theory must be the basis of DH. Although, isn't DH a theory itself? From what this bloke's saying, a theory is an epistemology with an agenda, and DH is a modality of expressing knowledge with an objective to subvert mainstream and commercial (thus, privatized) information platforms. Epistemology and agenda: check. I rest my case.

There's this other nice guy who's talking about how central collaboration is in DH. Basta, we can learn reading code daw. And he's advocating critical code studies. Think of the GE: undergrads learn how to notice (or should we say, construct a deeper meaning?) certain features of a literary text through a theoretical framework. The same can be done in coding, and DH is the premier avnue for this collaborative learning process.

And then Bauer rants. A lot. "The archive is the theory!" Then again, it's quite interesting to read the comments to an article previously published as a blog post *in* the article itself. Smacks of Schnapp and Presner's *Digital Humanities Manifesto*. A comment touches upon the T/theory debate, and assured us readers that DH *has* theory, understood as a self-reflexive interrogation of methods and not the citation of French and German heteromale philosophers.

In the end, these thinkers have clearly communicated how DH is bound by theoretical underpinnings. My take-home from all this babble? That DH acts as an avenue for the intersection of the sciences and humanities in two ways: (1) when humanistic theory is tested in a project or implementation, and (2) when a project or implementation becomes a site of humanistic reflection.
