Our reading for this week features five different articles all discussing about the Hack/Yack debate of the Digital Humanities and 
the value of theory in this field.
Here are a few of the things I have picked up over reading them.

A. Introduction: Theory and the Virtues of Digital Humanities
  1. There is a debate discussing if the DH should have more yack or more hack.
  2. There is a questioning of the terms used in the DH especially of the hack aspect as they all pertain to an industrial activity  
  (ie. mining, digging, etc.).
  3. The virtues of the DH are collaboration, humility and openness.
  
B. Theory First
  1. It is necessary to begin a DH project with a theory grounded from the humanities
  2. Theory is necessary because it gives us a new point of view that enables us to see things and issues differently/
  
C. What We Think We Will Build and What We Build in Digital Humanities
  1. There is a considerable difference from how we view our outcomes in DH projects than their actual results. 
  2. There are instances when the things that we have created is not necessarily those that will have a lasting value.
  3. With traditional media taking advantage of the digital form as well as the increasing growth of internationally-shared studies,
  this presents DH a lot of opportunities for study and research. 
  
D. Who You Calling Untheoretical?
  1. There is an argument whether a Digital humanists should take the initiative to explain how his/her project will involve the 
  ideas of traditional humanists or not.
  2. The reason for theory is to connect the DH to an aspect everyone in the Humanities is familiar with.
  
E. Theory, Digital Humanities and Noticing
  1. Coders would traditionally make things as simple as possible while the Humanities prefer to complicate the text.
  2. While most believe that the DH is the way for computer science to enter the field of humanities, you can also view it as a way 
  for the Humanities to input their learnings into the sciences.
  3. Regardless of their differences in viewing text, a collaboration between the two would lead to both fields developing skills 
  from the other. 
